Document optional clear_status query parameter for Delete Workflow API (#7268)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _automating-configurations/api/delete-workflow.md

# Delete a workflow

When you no longer need a workflow template, you can delete it by calling the Delete Workflow API.

> Note that deleting a workflow only deletes the stored template but does not deprovision its resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that deleting a workflow only deletes the stored template---it does not deprovision its resources.
```

Author: Fixed... confirming three (3) hyphens is intended here?

Reviewer 2: 3 hyphens is a Markdown way to specify an em dash 😄

> When a workflow is deleted, its corresponding status (returned by the [Workflow State API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/automating-configurations/api/get-workflow-status/) is also deleted unless either the provisioning status is `IN_PROGRESS` or resources have been provisioned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a workflow is deleted, its corresponding status (returned by the [Workflow State API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/automating-configurations/api/get-workflow-status/)) is also deleted unless either the provisioning status is `IN_PROGRESS` or resources have been provisioned.
```

| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `workflow_id` | String | The ID of the workflow to be retrieved. Required. |

## Query parameters

The following table lists the available query parameters. All query parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Data type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | `clear_status` | Boolean | Whether to delete the workflow state (without deprovisioning resources) after deleting the template, if the provisioning status is any state other than `IN_PROGRESS`. Default is false. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `clear_status` | Boolean | Determines whether to delete the workflow state (without deprovisioning resources) after deleting the template, if the provisioning status is in any state other than IN_PROGRESS. The default value is false. |
```

> | `clear_status` | Boolean | Determines whether to delete the workflow state (without deprovisioning resources) after deleting the template, if the provisioning status is in any state other than IN_PROGRESS. The default value is false. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `clear_status` | Boolean | Determines whether to delete the workflow state (without deprovisioning resources) after deleting the template. OpenSearch deletes the workflow state only if the provisioning status is not `IN_PROGRESS`. Default is `false`. |
```

#### Example request

> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```json
````

DELETE /_plugins/_flow_framework/workflow/8xL8bowB8y25Tqfenm50
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```json
````

  "_seq_no": 2,
  "_primary_term": 1
}
```

> If the `clear_status` parameter was `true`, also deletes the Workflow State if the provisioning status is any state other than `IN_PROGRESS`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: If the `clear_status` parameter was `true`, also deletes the Workflow State if the provisioning status is any state other than `IN_PROGRESS`.
```
??

> Note: If the `clear_status` parameter was `true`, also deletes the Workflow State if the provisioning status is any state other than `IN_PROGRESS`.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is needed because it's explained in the parameter table. We're just providing an example response here.
